add plugin content (docs) (#5186)
hashicorp/nomad: website/source/docs/configuration/plugin.html.md

  </tr>
</table>

> The `plugin` stanza is used to configure an individual plugin. You may use this section to introduce new task or device drivers or simply modify their options.

Reviewer: I don't think you can use the `plugin` stanza to introduce/install/enable plugins. I think they're either auto-detected in the plugin directory or not?

```suggestion
The `plugin` stanza is used to configure plugins.
```
